Add passive health checks (#11351)
containous/traefik: docs/content/routing/services/index.md

            My-Header = "bar"
    ```

> #### Passive Health Checks
> Passive health checks rely on real traffic to determine server health. 
> Traefik will forward requests as usual and evaluate each response or timeout, 
> incrementing a failure counter when a request fails. 
> Once the number of failures within a given period exceeds your configuration, 
> Traefik will automatically stop routing traffic to that server until it recovers.
> 
> Below are the available options for passive health checks:
> - maxFails (default: 1) – the number of failed requests that must occur before the server is marked unhealthy.
> 
> - failTimeout (default: 10s) – the window during which failures are counted, and the duration the server remains marked unhealthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Passive Health Checks
Passive health checks rely on real traffic to assess server health.
Traefik forwards requests as usual and evaluates each response or timeout,
incrementing a failure counter whenever a request fails.
If the number of failures within a specified time window exceeds the configured threshold,
Traefik will automatically stop routing traffic to that server until it recovers.

The following options are available for passive health checks:
- maxFails (default: 1) –  The number of failed requests required before the server is considered unhealthy.

- failTimeout (default: 10s) – The time window during which failures are counted, and the duration for which the server remains marked as unhealthy.
```
